
call on signals - I think it refers to JUST lighting the signal with no route clearing etc

how to use wos1norm in yard - I think we're going to skip it


verify the correct sequencing of subblocks
    S11: S11A, S11B
    R10: R10A, R10B, R10C
    H30: H30A, H30B

already verified these: eastbound => ABC ordering, westbound: CBA (S20 had B and C backwards - I reversed in software)
    D11: D11A, D11B
    D21: D21A, D21B
    S10: S10A, S10B, S10C
    S20: S20A, S20B, S20C
    H10: H10A, H10B

general - better icons for everything, set icons for the programs themselves,

sniffer interface - a new process that sends messages to rrserver who then forwards them to all. - needs debugging

ar/atc/advisor - ??get rid of checkboxes and have always on???

tracker:
	backup/restore - need a backup/restore for the entire suite - not in tracker
	reports - the only thing we really need is train cards, and this is not in tracker, but in train editor

I think server periodically crashes or has i/o errors that it can't recover from - why

why was a single car train being reported as non-contiguous??
train contiguous - do not show message is ?? train - disabled for now until we can figure out what's going on

verify all signal lights and turnout lights on all panels - verify proper panel operation.  Verify lever operation and indicators
verify signal lever functionality and signal indicators for cliff/yard
what is supposed to happen when the operator presses the red buttons on their panels
siding unlock levers from all tower panels - cliff, port





4. algorithm for a more robust way of handling loss of detection

1. where is the extra set signal to green coming from when running through a block that is already green with autorouter

2a. finish ATC script generation in real time for ATC and SIM

2b. remove generate script from train editor, and add a validation button.  REemove the ARscripts and simscripts files from data dir

3. unify representation of handswitches and their indicators, etc





new server:
still have to test port A on the new server
cliff fleeting - how to reconcile there being only 1 fleet lever on the panel, but 3 checkboxes on the screen
fleeting in yard

deal with reverse indicators in cliff - CSw21a, 21b, 19, 15, 11

audit data structures

	SignalLever
	Handswitch
	StopRelay
	RouteIn
	OutNXButton
	Indicator
	ODevice
	Lock
	Block   <== done
	Breaker     <== done
	Signal  <== done
	Turnout <== done

test, test, test

prohibit adding a train to ATC if it does not have a loco ID
